fix: api quick start guide (#155)
appbaseio/Docs: content/api/rest/quickstart.md

This is a quick start guide to working with the [appbase.io REST API](https://rest.appbase.io).

## Create Cluster

> You can run dedicated Elasticsearch clusters with Appbase.io services to meet your search requirements using [Appbase.io clusters](/docs/hosting/clusters/).

Reviewer: @lakhansamani This needs an edit imo. We should cover all options. Text can be:

You can start by creating an [Elasticsearch cluster with appbase.io](href1) or [bring your Elasticsearch cluster](href2) or [self-host appbase.io](href3).

Reviewer: hrefs need to point to the right pages/sections.

-   Log in to[Appbase Dashboard](https://dashboard.appbase.io), and create a new cluster.
-   Copy the URL of your cluster for further actions

> You can read more about how to [create cluster](/docs/hosting/clusters/) and its [pricing](https://appbase.io/pricing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read see the different options for creating a cluster and their pricing over [here](https://appbase.io/pricing/).
```
